Add rm2anki (#191)
reHackable/awesome-reMarkable: README.md

- [rmWebUiTools](https://github.com/LinusCDE/rmWebUiTools) - View a file tree, see statistics and export/backup all files with some simple scripts utilizing the web ui.
- [send_by_rmapi](https://github.com/LisaGlaser/send_by_rmapi) - A Calibre plugin to send books to your reMarkable, making use of rmapi.
- [RemarkableLamyEraser](https://github.com/isaacwisdom/RemarkableLamyEraser/) - Supports Lamy Al Star stylus button to erase or undo for reMarkable tablets.

> - [rm2anki](https://github.com/stelzch/rm2anki) - Template and program to convert a reMarkable notebook into an Anki card deck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [rm2anki](https://github.com/stelzch/rm2anki) - Convert a reMarkable notebooks into an Anki card deck.
```
I think this will be a better option, maybe also having an entry under templates that points at https://github.com/stelzch/rm2anki/tree/main/template for the template itself?

Author: Thanks, I edited it according to your suggestion.

I don't think having a separate entry for the template is necessary, because on its own the template is not as useful. However, if you insist I'd reconsider :)
